---
title: "Challenge 2023"
date: 2023-02-16T20:08:00+02:00
tags: ["challenge", "blog", "getting shit together"]
---

# Why?

It has been a loooong time since i last finished a post to my little blog. This is enough to think about the reasons why i wanted to start writing more. Those things still remain the same, so it all comes down to really doing what i wanted to do (aka the hardest part). So I'll try to challenge myself to write a small amount of posts this year, and see if i can at least get this done.

# Give me the numbers!

at first i thought "1 post per month" would be a good idea.....but, it's already mid-February, so 10-11? No i think this would not be achievable during this time in my life, so I'll start slow and try 6 (counting this one, so really only 5 of substance).

# Why should it work this time?

Frankly, i don't know. I'll just try to make time for it.

# What's the problem?

## I AM LAZY!

i guess it's a given, as i am a software engineer, so my main mode of thinking is to reduce manual work as much as possible, since this blog is not generated by AI, that means that i will have to type these posts (BY HAND!)

## i am uninteresting

since i am not working on cutting edge tech or the latest cloud infra project, but just developing an older (approx. 20 years) java enterprise software, i always have to write these posts for myself, since normally no one will stumble upon these lines. But that takes a little self-motivation, since i only do it for myself and the vague hope to become a better communicator in the process, but nothing of substance

# What needs to change?

## uninteresting content is a blessing in disguise

the fact that nobody reads this grants me infinite tries and fails, without the slightest bit of shame, because of this, i will commit the posts in their first version instead of creating drafts and incrementally developing them over time.

# JUST SHIP IT!

# Update (2023-04-29)

it does not look good for my challenge, i am still writing on my second post, but maybe i will finish it soon, so there is still hope
